=== PDLt session started ===
WORKER: DEVELOPMENT / LIVE DEMONSTRATION; NOT A QUALIFIED R2S MEASUREMENT CONDITION
USER> The following feature request actually contains 3 unrelated features disguised as one. Separate them into distinct, independently-deliverable user stories.

"As a user, I want to be able to search for products by name so that I can find what I'm looking for quickly. The search should also show me my recent orders and recommend similar products based on my purchase history. When I click on a product, it should show real-time inventory levels from all warehouse locations and let me reserve items for up to 24 hours."
ASSISTANT> Prompt Pseudocode

SEPARATE the combined feature request into three independent user stories:

1) AS a user, I want to SEARCH for products by name so that I can find what I’m looking for quickly.
   INCLUDE the operative entity "search for products by name".

2) AS a user, I want the SEARCH results to also SHOW my recent orders and RECOMMEND similar products based on my purchase history.
   INCLUDE the operative entities "show my recent orders" and "recommend similar products".

3) AS a user, WHEN I click on a product, I want to see REAL-TIME inventory levels from all warehouse locations and be able to RESERVE items for up to 24 hours.
   INCLUDE the operative entities "real-time inventory levels" and "reserve items for up to 24 hours".

RETURN each user story as a separate, self‑contained item.

Confirm or correct this interpretation.
USER> /confirm
ASSISTANT> Response Plan Pseudocode

PARSE the supplied combined feature request
EXTRACT each enumerated requirement
COMPOSE user story 1 with operative entity "search for products by name"
COMPOSE user story 2 with operative entities "show my recent orders" and "recommend similar products"
COMPOSE user story 3 with operative entities "real-time inventory levels" and "reserve items for up to 24 hours"
EMIT each user story as a separate self‑contained item

Confirm or correct this response approach.
USER> /confirm
ASSISTANT> User Story 1:
As a user, I want to search for products by name so that I can find what I’m looking for quickly.
Operative entity: "search for products by name"

User Story 2:
As a user, I want the search results to also show my recent orders and recommend similar products based on my purchase history.
Operative entities: "show my recent orders", "recommend similar products"

User Story 3:
As a user, when I click on a product, I want to see real-time inventory levels from all warehouse locations and be able to reserve items for up to 24 hours.
Operative entities: "real-time inventory levels", "reserve items for up to 24 hours"
PROTOCOL_CLOSED
=== PDLt session ended ===
