=== PDLt session started ===
WORKER: DEVELOPMENT / LIVE DEMONSTRATION; NOT A QUALIFIED R2S MEASUREMENT CONDITION
USER> Implement a sorting algorithm with the following requirements:
1. Must be a comparison-based sort.
2. Must run in O(n) worst-case time complexity.
3. Must be stable (preserve relative order of equal elements).
4. Must sort in-place (O(1) extra space).
ASSISTANT> Prompt Pseudocode

IMPLEMENT a comparison-based sorting algorithm THAT runs in O(n) worst-case time, IS stable, and sorts in-place using O(1) extra space.

Confirm or correct this interpretation.
USER> /confirm
ASSISTANT> Response Plan Pseudocode

ANALYZE the requested sorting
O(n) worst-case time, stability, in‑place with O(1) extra space, and comparison‑based implementation.
EVALUATE known algorithmic lower bounds for comparison‑based sorting to determine feasibility under the given constraints.
IDENTIFY any theoretical impossibility or required relaxations based on the evaluation.
IF the requirements are feasible, DESIGN a high‑level algorithmic approach that satisfies all constraints without delving into concrete code.
ELSE, DOCUMENT the identified conflict between constraints and outline alternative approaches that relax one or more constraints (e.g., allowing additional space or accepting non‑worst‑case linear time).
PREPARE a structured description of the chosen high‑level approach, including its main phases and how stability and in‑place operation are maintained.
OUTPUT the high‑level procedural description as the deliverable, ensuring no concrete implementation details or code are included.

Confirm or correct this response approach.
USER> /confirm
ASSISTANT> The request cannot be fulfilled because a comparison‑based sorting algorithm cannot achieve O(n) worst‑case time complexity. The Ω(n log n) lower bound for comparison sorts proves that any algorithm that solely relies on element comparisons must take at least n log n time on some inputs. Consequently, it is impossible to simultaneously satisfy all of the following constraints: O(n) worst‑case time, stability, in‑place operation with O(1) extra space, and being purely comparison‑based. The only way to achieve linear worst‑case time is to use non‑comparison sorts (e.g., counting sort or radix sort), which violate the comparison‑based requirement. Therefore, the task is theoretically infeasible under the given constraints.
PROTOCOL_CLOSED
=== PDLt session ended ===
