=== PDLt session started ===
WORKER: DEVELOPMENT / LIVE DEMONSTRATION; NOT A QUALIFIED R2S MEASUREMENT CONDITION
USER> The following API specification contains contradictions. Identify each contradiction and propose a resolution.

1. POST /users creates a new user. The response is 201 Created with the user object.
2. POST /users returns 200 OK on success.
3. User email must be unique. If a duplicate email is submitted, return 409 Conflict.
4. If a duplicate email is submitted, silently merge with the existing account and return the merged user.
5. All endpoints require authentication via Bearer token.
6. POST /users is a public registration endpoint and requires no authentication.
7. User IDs are auto-incrementing integers starting from 1.
8. User IDs are UUIDs generated client-side and included in the POST body.
ASSISTANT> Prompt Pseudocode

IDENTIFY each contradiction in the provided API specification.
FOR each contradictory pair, STATE the conflict.
FOR each conflict, SUGGEST a consistent rule or design choice that resolves the inconsistency.
OUTPUT the results as a list of contradictions with their resolutions.

Confirm or correct this interpretation.
USER> /confirm
ASSISTANT> Response Plan Pseudocode

PARSE the provided API specification
IDENTIFY pairs of statements that are mutually contradictory
FOR each contradictory pair DO
STATE the nature of the conflict
SUGGEST a consistent rule or design choice that resolves the inconsistency
ENDDO
FORMAT the results as a list of contradictions with their resolutions

Confirm or correct this response approach.
USER> /confirm
ASSISTANT> Contradictions and Resolutions:
1. Conflict between statements 1 and 2:
   - Statement 1: POST /users creates a new user and returns 201 Created with the user object.
   - Statement 2: POST /users returns 200 OK on success.
   Resolution: Standardize the success response to 201 Created for resource creation, and use 200 OK only for idempotent operations that do not create a new resource.
2. Conflict between statements 3 and 4:
   - Statement 3: Duplicate email must return 409 Conflict.
   - Statement 4: Duplicate email should silently merge and return the merged user.
   Resolution: Choose one policy – either reject duplicates with 409 Conflict (recommended for data integrity) or allow merging with an explicit 200 OK and a header indicating a merge occurred. Document the chosen behavior clearly.
3. Conflict between statements 5 and 6:
   - Statement 5: All endpoints require authentication via Bearer token.
   - Statement 6: POST /users is public and requires no authentication.
   Resolution: Treat POST /users as an exception to the authentication rule, explicitly marking it as a public endpoint while keeping authentication mandatory for all other endpoints.
4. Conflict between statements 7 and 8:
   - Statement 7: User IDs are auto‑incrementing integers starting from 1.
   - Statement 8: User IDs are UUIDs generated client‑side and included in the POST body.
   Resolution: Decide on a single ID strategy. Prefer server‑generated integer IDs for simplicity, or adopt client‑generated UUIDs consistently across the API. Remove the contradictory definition.
PROTOCOL_CLOSED
=== PDLt session ended ===
