=== PDLt session started ===
WORKER: DEVELOPMENT / LIVE DEMONSTRATION; NOT A QUALIFIED R2S MEASUREMENT CONDITION
USER> Given the following plain-language privacy policy excerpt, map each statement to the specific GDPR articles it relates to. Identify any GDPR requirements that are NOT covered by this policy.

"We collect your name, email, and browsing history to improve our services. We share data with our advertising partners. You can email us to request deletion of your data. We store data on servers in the United States. Children under 13 should not use our service."
ASSISTANT> Prompt Pseudocode

READ each statement from the supplied privacy policy excerpt
FOR EACH statement DO
MAP the statement to the specific GDPR article(s) it relates to
ENDFOR
IDENTIFY any GDPR requirements that are not addressed by any statement in the policy excerpt
RETURN a list pairing each policy statement with its corresponding GDPR article(s) and a separate list of uncovered GDPR requirements

Confirm or correct this interpretation.
USER> /confirm
ASSISTANT> Response Plan Pseudocode

READ each statement from the supplied privacy policy excerpt
FOR EACH statement DO
MAP the statement to the specific GDPR article(s) it relates to
ENDFOR
IDENTIFY any GDPR requirements that are not addressed by any statement in the policy excerpt
EMIT a list pairing each policy statement with its corresponding GDPR article(s) and a separate list of uncovered GDPR requirements

Confirm or correct this response approach.
USER> /confirm
ASSISTANT> Policy Statement Mapping:
1. "We collect your name, email, and browsing history to improve our services." → GDPR Articles 5 (principles), 6(1)(f) (legitimate interests), 13 (information to the data subject).
2. "We share data with our advertising partners." → GDPR Articles 5 (principles), 6 (lawful basis – legitimate interest or consent), 28 (processor obligations), 44‑49 (international transfers if partners are abroad).
3. "You can email us to request deletion of your data." → GDPR Article 17 (right to erasure), Article 12 (right to be informed about exercising rights).
4. "We store data on servers in the United States." → GDPR Articles 44‑49 (transfer of personal data to a third country), Article 27 (representative in the Union).
5. "Children under 13 should not use our service." → GDPR Article 8 (conditions for consent of children), Article 5 (lawfulness, fairness, and transparency).

Uncovered GDPR Requirements (not addressed in the excerpt):
- Article 13 & 14 (information that must be provided to data subjects at collection).
- Article 20 (right to data portability).
- Article 21 (right to object to processing).
- Article 22 (automated individual decision‑making, including profiling).
- Article 30 (records of processing activities).
- Article 33 & 34 (notification of personal data breach).
- Article 35 (data protection impact assessment when processing is likely to result in high risk).
PROTOCOL_CLOSED
=== PDLt session ended ===
