=== PDLt session started ===
WORKER: DEVELOPMENT / LIVE DEMONSTRATION; NOT A QUALIFIED R2S MEASUREMENT CONDITION
USER> Implement a sorting algorithm with the following requirements:
1. Must be a comparison-based sort.
2. Must run in O(n) worst-case time complexity.
3. Must be stable (preserve relative order of equal elements).
4. Must sort in-place (O(1) extra space).
ASSISTANT> Prompt Pseudocode

IMPLEMENT a comparison-based sorting algorithm that runs in O(n) worst-case time complexity
ENSURE the algorithm is stable, preserving the relative order of equal elements
DESIGN the algorithm to sort in-place using O(1) extra space

Confirm or correct this interpretation.
USER> /confirm
ASSISTANT> Response Plan Pseudocode

ANALYZE the required sorting properties: O(n) worst-case time, stability, in‑place operation, and comparison‑based methodology
EVALUATE theoretical literature on comparison‑based sorting lower bounds to determine feasibility of O(n) worst‑case performance
IF feasibility is established THEN
    DESIGN the algorithmic steps that achieve the specified properties
    SPECIFY data structures and control flow needed for in‑place stable sorting
    VALIDATE the algorithm against the O(n) time requirement using worst‑case analysis
ELSE
    PREPARE a concise justification explaining why the combination of constraints cannot be satisfied
    RECOMMEND alternative sorting approaches that meet a maximal subset of the constraints

Confirm or correct this response approach.
USER> /confirm
ASSISTANT> The requested combination of properties cannot be satisfied. A comparison‑based sorting algorithm has a well‑known lower bound of Ω(n log n) comparisons in the worst case (see, e.g., the decision‑tree argument). Therefore it is impossible to achieve O(n) worst‑case time while still being comparison‑based. Moreover, any algorithm that attains O(n) worst‑case time must be non‑comparison‑based (such as counting sort or radix sort) and relies on assumptions about the key distribution, which violates the comparison‑based requirement. Consequently, no algorithm can simultaneously satisfy all four constraints: comparison‑based, O(n) worst‑case time, stable, and in‑place with O(1) extra space.

Given this impossibility, the appropriate response is to explain the theoretical limitation and suggest alternative approaches that relax one of the constraints, e.g., using radix sort for O(n) time (but non‑comparison‑based) or using mergesort for stability (O(n log n) time) while being in‑place with O(1) extra space via careful implementation.
PROTOCOL_CLOSED
=== PDLt session ended ===
